New release (#140)
biocore/q2-qemistree: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/biocore/q2-qemistree.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/biocore/q2-qemistree) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/biocore/q2-qemistree/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/biocore/q2-qemistree?branch=master)

> A tool to build a tree of mass-spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) features to perform chemically-informed comparison of untargeted metabolomic profiles. The manuscript describing q2-qemistree is available [here](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41589-020-00677-3).

Reviewer: 🎉

    --o-visualization empress-tree.qzv
```

The output empress QZV can be visualized using [Qiime2 Viewer](https://view.qiime2.org); EMPress can be used to interactively modify the tree visualization.

> Below is an example visualization from EMPress preprint. Here, the user has sample metadata columns (food sources) to compare groups of food samples; Empress enables them to visualize metabolite relative abundance as barcharts at the tips of the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example visualization from Empress' preprint. Here, the user has sample metadata columns (food sources) to compare groups of food samples; Empress enables them to visualize metabolite relative prevalence as barcharts at the tips of the tree.

```

![Empress plot](q2_qemistree/img/gfop-empress-plot-wlegend.png)

> Please visit [Empress tutorial](https://github.com/biocore/empress) for all the currently supported tree visualization features that can be leveraged to explore the chemical diversity of your metabolomics dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit the [Empress tutorial](https://github.com/biocore/empress) for all the currently supported tree visualization features that can be leveraged to explore the chemical diversity of your metabolomics dataset.

```
